Notes from Max (Dec 2013) on how to create animated scenes (camera
moving around) within Paraview:

<snip>

However, it's actually not too hard to export a movie directly from
Paraview, which would be the easiest workaround. Once you have saved
the .pvd file from within Finmag (via sim.save_vtk(filename)), open it
in Paraview [1] and enable the animation view by clicking View ->
Animation View. In the "Mode" dropdown box at the top of that panel
select "Real Time" (it probably defaults to "Sequence") and enter the
duration. If there is a TimeKeeper object in the animation view you
may want to deselect that unless you explicitly want to show multiple
timesteps.

There should be a big plus sign in the animation view, and next to it
two dropdown boxes (the first of which probably contains the filename
and the second of which might say "Visibility"). From the first one
select "Camera" and from the second one you probably want "Orbit".
Once you click the plus sign, you can enter the orbit parameters. I
think "Center" is the center of rotation, "Normal" is the "view up"
direction and "Origin" is the origin of your motion. Once you click
"OK", there will be a new line in the animation view panel reflecting
the camera path.

If you now hit the "play" button it *may* already work. However,
confusingly quite often I get a very weird camera path (feels like a
bug). To correct that, double click anywhere in the "Camera" line of
the animation view panel, which opens a small window named "Animation
Keyframes", and double-click on "Path...". It's probably the "Up
Direction" which is wrong, so click on that and set it to [0, 0, 1]
(or whatever you want). The click "OK" twice, which should fix things.

Once you are happy with it you can export the animation via File ->
Save Animation.

I hope this works for you. Let me know if you run into trouble and
I'll try to help if I can.

Cheers,
Max


[1] If you are using Paraview 3.98 then it might help to start it with
the option --use-old-panels
